COM-13427 - Update CHANGELOG.md to create new 0.4.0 release (#277)
fluendo/fluster: CHANGELOG.md

  profiles
- Add "flumpeg4vdec" decoder to gstreamer.py
- Add GStreamer Libav "avdec_mpeg4" decoder to gstreamer.py
- Add iso_mpeg4_video.py to pass tests with reference decoder (only binary)
- Compiled in a private repo (gcc 13.0.1) - adapt to method pixel - adapt test.py to both decoders
  because MPEG-4 video ref_dec generate output files with .yuv extension directly
- Add MPEG-4 video generator script
- Needs to fix "I accept" to download some test vector automatically - add new "handle_terms"
  parameter to manage previous point - add SIMPLE_PROFILE = "Simple Profile" in codec.py
- Add FFMpeg MPEG-4 video decoder
- Add output format exceptions for some H.264 test vectors
- Add profile information to H.264 test suite generator
- Add profile information to H.265 test suite generator
- Add profiles for H.265 test vectors
- Update H.264 test suites with profile information
- Modify JVT-AVC_V1, JVT-FR-EXT, JVT-Professional_profiles test suites
- Update H.265 test suites with profile information
- Modify JCT-VC-HEVC_V1 test suite
- Enable changelog parameter to update CHANGELOG.md automatically
- Add MPEG-4 video info to README.md

> - Update documentation for a new release 0.4.0
> - Add pixel comparison method info to description of README.md - add MPEG-4 Video test suites to
>   pyproject.toml - add other MPEG-4 video info to README.md
> - Update README.md with latest test suites and minor fixes
> 
> ### Fixed
> - Adapt code related to handle_terms parameter
> - Add provider "Fluendo" to FluendoMPEG4VideoDecoder
> - Fix freeze bug when generating test suite with limited available RAM
> - Prevent test suite execution when missing resources
> - Remove handle_terms from MPEG4 video test suites
> - Vkvs use enablePostProcessFilter by default to support hardware with different queue for decode and
>     transfer such as mesa drivers.
>     See https://github.com/KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Video-Samples/issues/57
> 
> 
> ## [0.3.0] (2025-04-17)
> ### Added
> - Add a pixel comparison method for codecs that don’t generate identical outputs
>     Old codecs like MPEG-2 Video do not use a standarized IDCT (MPEG-C Part1) causing mismatches in the
>       generated output. -This new method allows creating tests suites that will compare the output pixel
>       by pixel with a tolerance range
> - Add ISO IEC 13818-4 MPEG2 video test suites
> - Add vah266dec gstreamer decoder
> 
> ### Changed
> - Add mpeg2v test suites to pyproject.toml
> - Add mpeg4 aac mp4 error test suite for aac decoder
> - Add reference decoder mpeg2dec installation to Makefile.
> - Adds the helper script to generate the test suites
> - Change Pypi version to deploy in a new 0.3.0 release from master
> - Remove depedencies from pyproject.toml
> - Removed optional-dependencies from project group. this group is meant for runtime deps of specific
>   sw features
> - Add some gstreamer mpeg2video decoders
> - Add gstreamer mpeg2dec (libmpeg2) video decoder - add gstreamer avdec_mpeg2video (libav) video
>   decoder
> - Omit VP8, VP9 and AV1 Makefile check tests when MacOS
> - libaom-AV1, libvpx-VP8, libvpx-VP9 decoders are not readily available
> - Remove mypy and ruff from Makefile
> - Remove lint, lint-check and format targets from Makefile - clean obsolete variables in Makefile
> - Remove ruff and mypy packages from project requirements
> - Rename requirements.txt to requirements-dev.txt
> - Add mypy as pre-commit hook in .pre-commit-config.yaml
> - Change ruff pre-commit hook to automated fix mode
> - Replace ubuntu 20.04 with 22.04 in GHA runners due to deprecation
> - Add "ISO-MPEG2-VIDEO: ISO MPEG2 Video reference" decoder to README.md
> - Add MPEG-2 video decoders information to README.md
> - Add test suite for mpeg4 aac mp4 error test vectors
> - Update README.md
> 
> ### Fixed
> - Add new line to the json file
> - Create MPEG-4 reference decoder for error resilient test vectors
> - Split MPEG-4 aac test suite into error and non error resilient test vectors
> - Update MPEG4_AAC-MP4-ER.json with new md5sum generated and update iso_mpeg4_aac-er.py for generate
>   interleave multichannel
> - Update MPEG4_AAC-MP4.json with new md5sum generated and update iso_mpeg4_aac.py for generate
>   interleave multichannel
> 

Reviewer: I found a lot of repetitions and redundancies and managed to reduce the content a lot and rephrase so that the language is more friendly and concise for the reader. I omitted a log of build, ci and docs-related information that have no impact on the user.
Below my suggestions

```suggestion
## [0.4.0] (2025-08-05)
### Added
- GStreamer Vulkan AV1 VA decoder
- GStreamer Vulkan VP9 VA decoder
- NVidia Vulkan Video Samples VP9 VA decoder
- GStreamer Libav MPEG-4 SW video decoder
- Fluendo GStreamer MPEG-4 SW video decoder
- FFmpeg MPEG-4 SW video decoder
- ISO MPEG-4 video reference decoder (Microsoft implementation - vmdec)
- MPEG-4 video test suites for simple, advanced simple, simple scalable and simple studio profiles

### Changed
- Test execution summary report in markdown format now includes test results per profile, when available
- Wildcard(*) is now supported when setting a list of vectors to test
- H.264 test suites JVT-AVC_V1, JVT-FR-EXT and JVT-Professional_profiles now include profile for test vectors
- H.265 test suite JCT-VC-HEVC_V1 now includes profile for test vectors

### Fixed
- Prevent test suite execution when its resources are not found locally
- Nvidia Vulkan video samples decoder: use enablePostProcessFilter by default to support hardware with different queue for decoding and
    transferring, such as mesa drivers

## [0.3.0] (2025-04-17)
### Added
- Pixel-by-pixel output/reference frame comparison method with error tolerance is now available for codecs that 
do not require checksum match. MPEG-2 is an example of such codecs.
- MPEG-2 video test suites for main and 4:2:2 profiles
- GStreamer H.266 VA decoder
- ISO MPEG-4 reference decoder for test vectors of error resilient profiles
- GStreamer MPEG-2 SW video decoder
- Gstreamer Libva MPEG-2 SW video decoder

### Changed

### Fixed
- MPEG-4 AAC MP4 test suite was split in 2, error and not error-resilient ones
- MPEG-4 AAC MP4 test suites, error and not error-resilient now have correct md5 checksums
- ISO MPEG-4 AAC decoders, error and not error-resilient now generate output with interleaved channels, when required
```

Author: Uploaded, looks good to me
